So the concept is.

The challenger create the challenge and pay the challenge creation fee,
The challenge creation fee will be equals to the entry fee set by the
challenge creator. So the challenge creator will create the challenge
set up the entry fee, While creating challenge he will set the minimum
number of participants that can take the challenge along with the time
for the participants to apply, As soon as the submission time ends the
voting time will start. Voting time limit will also be set by the
challenge creator and challenges creator will also enter the reward
amount while creating the challenge.

So for example, If I am creating the new challenge.

-I will upload the details,

-Set the entry fee each participant needs to pay to take on challenge.

-Set the Reward amount that winner of challenge will get.

-Set the minimum number of participants to start the challenge.

\- Time limit for the submission.

\- Time for the voting process.

Let say, I put the entry fee as \$10 and I have set the reward amount
for the winner as \$100 and I have set the minimum number of
participants at 15. Now as the challenge creator, I will get the the
entry fees from all the participants, so In this challenge is successful
and I get 15 participants I will earn \$50 from this challenge, because
the \$100 will be given to the challenge winner as I have set \$100 for
the reward.

The challenge creation fee will be equals to the entry fee that I will
set, so when creating the challenge, If I set the entry fee to \$20 I
would have to pa \$20 for challenge creation and if I put the entry fee
as \$10 then I will have to pa \$10 for the challenge creation.

And the reward amount I set will be deducted upfront when I create the
challenge and will store in smart contract so it automatically transfer
to the challenge winner.

Now, Challenge fail scenario:

While creating the challenge, If I have set the minimum number of
participants at 15 and set 3 days for the submissions, and after 3 days
if my challenge doesn\'t gets 15 participants the challenge will be
cancelled and as the challenge creator I will get back my reward amount
but I won\'t get back my challenge creation fee as that would be non
refundable, and let say out of 15 participants, I have got 10 submission
and challenge got cancelled, those 10 participants will get their entry
fee back and we won\'t move towards the voting process.

Now Voting System:

Anybody can vote on any challenge and participants can also vote for
themselves, There will be a voting fee set up by the challenge creator.

The voting fee will start as soon as the submission time is over so as
per the above example, the voting will start after 3 days and if we got
15 submissions.

When the voting time ends, (voting time will also be set by the
challenge creator) The participants who got the most vote will be the
winner, The challenge winner(Top place based on the number of votes)
will get the 75% of the reward and the runnerup of the challenge will
get the 25% of the reward. So if the reward is 100 it will be
destributed 75 to the winner and 25 to the runnerup.

Now the vooters:

The vooters who vote for the winner will get the equal amount of shares
of losers\' voting fee.

For example, if the voting fee is \$1 and there were 100 votes, 20 of
them voted for the winner and 80 of them voted for the loser,

The 20 voters who voted for the winner will get their voting fee back +
each of them will get \$4 from the losers\' voting fee. So 80\$ from
loser\'s voter will be destributed to the 20 winners\' voter.

Hope everything is clear now
